core: Set default service account on all Ceph daemons (#13362)
rook/rook: Documentation/Getting-Started/Prerequisites/authenticated-registry.md

If you want to use an image from authenticated docker registry (e.g. for image cache/mirror), you'll need to

> add an `imagePullSecret` to all relevant service accounts. This way all pods created by the operator (for service account:

Reviewer: Let's remove the sentence that mentions the specific service accounts here, and just refer them to the next section.
```suggestion
add an `imagePullSecret` to all relevant service accounts. See the next section for the required service accounts.
```

The service accounts are:

* `rook-ceph-system` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect all pods created by the rook operator in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-default` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect most pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-mgr` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect the MGR pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-osd` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect the OSD pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-rgw` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect the RGW pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.

> You can do it either via e.g. `kubectl -n <namespace> edit serviceaccount rook-ceph-default` or by modifying the [`operator.yaml`](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/operator.yaml)

Author: I don't see the option in operator or cluster.yaml to update the service account do we have any suck options? @travisn

The service accounts are:

* `rook-ceph-system` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect all pods created by the rook operator in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-default` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect most pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-mgr` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect the MGR pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-osd` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect the OSD pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.
* `rook-ceph-rgw` (namespace: `rook-ceph`): Will affect the RGW pods in the `rook-ceph` namespace.

You can do it either via e.g. `kubectl -n <namespace> edit serviceaccount rook-ceph-default` or by modifying the [`operator.yaml`](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/operator.yaml)
and [`cluster.yaml`](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/cluster.yaml) before deploying them.

Since it's the same procedure for all service accounts, here is just one example:

```console
kubectl -n rook-ceph edit serviceaccount rook-ceph-default
```

```yaml hl_lines="9-10"
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:

>   name: defaurook-ceph-default

Reviewer 2: Typo I think

```suggestion
  name: rook-ceph-default
```
